<!-- TOC depthFrom:1 depthTo:6 withLinks:1 updateOnSave:1 orderedList:0 -->

- [A Primer on Cryptocurrency Taxes & Ethereum Lightning Talks](#a-primer-on-cryptocurrency-taxes-ethereum-lightning-talks)
	- [https://www.facebook.com/GordonLawLtd/videos/1656567281116934/](#httpswwwfacebookcomgordonlawltdvideos1656567281116934)
	- [](#)
	- [](#)
	- [Cryptocurrency and taxs:](#cryptocurrency-and-taxs)
	- [IRS Notice March. 25, 2014](#irs-notice-march-25-2014)
	- ["Converting" from one crypto to another (1031 Like-kind exchanges)](#converting-from-one-crypto-to-another-1031-like-kind-exchanges)
	- [How will the IRS know?](#how-will-the-irs-know)
	- [ICOs](#icos)
	- [Q&A](#qa)
- [Another talk](#another-talk)
- [Urban Array Decentralized CrowdSourced Social Enterprise](#urban-array-decentralized-crowdsourced-social-enterprise)
- [](#)

<!-- /TOC -->
# A Primer on Cryptocurrency Taxes & Ethereum Lightning Talks

## https://www.facebook.com/GordonLawLtd/videos/1656567281116934/

##
https://www.gordonlawltd.com/

##
https://www.facebook.com/GordonLawLtd/

## Cryptocurrency and taxs:
- Gordan Andrew: Layer and acounter
- Property; not tax on holding or purchase, but tax on gain
- Trading Gains & Losses
  - Favorable IRS ruling for most investors
  - Long term gains and losses will be taxed at capital gains (15\%/25\%)
  - Short term are taxed at ordinary income rates
  - Not so favorable for Losses
    - IRS limits property losses (net capital loss) that can be deducted per year to $3,000
- 1031 Like-kind exchange:
  - Reported on form 8824

## IRS Notice March. 25, 2014
- IRS Issues Guidance on March 25, 2014
- "Virtual Currency" is treated as property for U.S. Federal tax purpose
- No tax on purchase or holding
- Tax on gain/loss
- Income
- Taxable even if it remains in crypto

## "Converting" from one crypto to another (1031 Like-kind exchanges)
- IRC section 1031 allows a taxpayer to exchange, rather than sell property in a tax-free exchange
- Reported on form 8824
- Example: real property
- The base price can be LIFO or FIFO (CPA decide). You don't change every year (consistency).
- Buy bitcoin at US and sell oversea, the gain should also be taxable.
- Pay crypto to employees, there still are minimum wages, payroll tax.
- Lambergini accept bitcoin, a month ago


## How will the IRS know?
- General Audits
- 2016 John Doe summons to Coinbase and other exchanges
  - Originally very broad, all customer records
  - Heavy pressure from Congress to IRS to narrow - $20k in any one transaction (buying, selling, sending, receiving) during 2013-2015
- Don't play the audit lottery!
- IRS are being more and more aggressive on this
- It is no longer that these kind of transactions is untraceble.

## ICOs
- Right to use non-financial websites application
  - Coin is generally not a security
  - Taxable income to issuer
- Rights to revenue or profits generated by the company/project
  - Coin is or may be a security
  - Securities law issues, potential equity balance sheet treatment
- Right to acquire money or stock based on an event
  - Coin may be considered an option, swap, warrant, or future
  - Securities issues at place
- Right to transmit coin as payment for service
  - Issuer may be a money service business

## Q&A
- statues and limitation:
  - IRS has three years from when you file a tax return to audit
  - gross understatement: longer
  - fraud: no limitation at all
- IRS may require exchangers to disclose the crypto users

---------------------------------

# Another talk
- ICO, Bug bounty
- Business Model: 5% fee
- foreground.io

----------------------------------
# Urban Array Decentralized CrowdSourced Social Enterprise

----------------------------------
#
